Data Structure - 1. Data structure is a storage that is used to store and organize data
                 2. It is a way of arranging data on a computer so that it can be accessed and updated efficiently.
    Types - Linear and Non- Linear

1. Linear DS: 
    The elements are arranged in sequence one after the other
    easy to implement
    if complexity of the program increases, it's not the best choice to use.
    Types:

        1. Array DS:
            same data Type
            arranged in continuous meory location
            can be accessed by using memory index ex. 0,1,2,3....
        
        2. Stack DS:
            stored in LIFO principle. -- Last In First Out
            ex: pile of plates

        3. Queue DS:
            unlike stack, stored in FIFO principle -- First In First Out
            ex: queue of people in the ticket counter.

        4. Linked List DS:
            data elements are connected through a series of nodes and each node contains the data items and address to the next node.
            it will stop once it encounters null
            starting node is termed as head

2. Non Linear DS:   
    unlike linear DS, these are not in any sequence
    arranged in a hierarchical manner where one element connected to one or more elements.
    Types:

        1. Graph DS: 
            Each node --> vertex, each one is connected to other vertices through edges.
            popular graph based DS:
                i.   spanning tree and minimum spanning tree
                ii.  strongly connected components
                iii. adjancency matrix
                iv.  adjancency List
        
        2. Tree DS:
            Like graph, collection of vertices and edges.
            But, there can be only one edge between two vertices.
            popular tree based DS:
                i.   Binary Tree
                ii.  Binary Search Tree
                iii. AVL Tree
                iv.  B-Tree
                v.   B+Tree
                vi.  Red-Black Tree

Linear VS Non-linear DS: https://www.programiz.com/dsa/data-structure-types#google_vignette

Advantages of DS:
    helps us to write memory and time efficient code.